Mommy, don't worry.
I will take good care of my brothers and sisters.
You can't lose a single one. Okay?
Although our five treasures are small
But most like a big brother
Tell Mommy to find Dabao
We'll go back to the country
If you hadn't stolen me back then
My grandfather wouldn't be heartbroken either
To work overtime in the countryside
Mommy, why hasn't the person you mentioned come yet?
You are the famous Doctor Yue
How dare they snub you
Xiao Wu, what about us?
Just be patient with everything!
Third sister, will we find Daddy?
Of course, yeah.
I found out that the president of the Dexlex Group
The richest man in the country, Baron Li, was taken away by thousands of planes
We'll find him
Third sister helps brother cover
I'm going to find dad
Hey, second brother, can you still take pictures for you?
Has the sanitary suit arrived?
Here we are, Mr. Li
The chairperson is saved
Six years ago, something happened to Lin Xiaoxiao
And then I got sick.
By the way, let Yue Shen Doctor help him treat it.
He compensates
Compensation for the compensation Miss Lin wants
It should be the location of Li Zongfen, right?
Little 12, why are you here?
Where did Li Xiaochuan get his clothes off?
Uncle, who are you? I haven't seen you for a week.
I don't remember that I'm your father